glossary: add entry for rustbuild (#2516)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/appendix/glossary.md

<span id="rib">rib</span>                      |  A data structure in the name resolver that keeps track of a single scope for names. ([see more](../name-resolution.md))
<span id="rpit">RPIT</span>                    |  A return-position `impl Trait`. ([see the reference](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/types/impl-trait.html#abstract-return-types)).
<span id="rpitit">RPITIT</span>                |  A return-position `impl Trait` in trait. Unlike RPIT, this is desugared to a generic associated type (GAT). Introduced in [RFC 3425](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/3425-return-position-impl-trait-in-traits.html). ([see more](../return-position-impl-trait-in-trait.md))

> <span id="rustbuild">rustbuild</span>          |  The part of bootstrap that is written in rust (old deprecated term)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span id="rustbuild">rustbuild</span>          |  A deprecated term for the part of bootstrap that is written in Rust
```
